---
name: DrawBerry
tools: [Swift]
image: "/assets/images/drawberry/drawberry-small.png"
description: A competitive multiplayer drawing game developed for iPad.
---

# DrawBerry

<div class="mt-3 mb-3">
  <a href="https://github.com/seeziyang/DrawBerry" class="btn btn-primary px-3" role="button">
    <i class="fab fa-github"></i> GitHub Repo
  </a>
  <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XOgJXbrhGm7kI4rVj-cud-_A1mnHD0s07V4B-ro2u74/edit" class="btn btn-primary px-3" role="button">
    <i class="fas fa-file-alt"></i> User Guide
  </a>
  <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OSs5fDka3LGaleCTMPscR_fBvY5B3jsHi_jf36ntfmU/edit" class="btn btn-primary px-3" role="button">
    <i class="fas fa-file-alt"></i> Developer Guide
  </a>
</div>

##### DrawBerry is a competitive multiplayer drawing game developed for iPad.

---

Developed as a team project in the module CS3217 (Software Engineering on Modern Application Platforms) from March - May 2020.

The code is currently kept private, please contact me if you want to see samples of my work!

### Features

1. Classic mode - Play with your friends on different iPads to draw the best picture! Can be played both real-time and non real-time.
1. Cooperative mode - Collaborate with your friends to draw different parts of a drawing! 
1. Competitive mode - Compete with your friends to see who can draw the best picture whilst destroying your friends' drawings with powerups!
1. Team Battle mode - Compete with another team to guess the drawing drawn by your teammate!

### Implemented Features:

I implemented the Competitive Mode feature for DrawBerry. 

In competitive mode, the iPad is split into four for each player to draw anything they want under the sun. While players are drawing, powerups will spawn on the playfield which gives boosts to themselves (such as an extra stroke) or allows them to hinder other players' drawings (such as adding an ink splotch to all other users' drawings).

### Screenshots:

{% include elements/figure.html image="/assets/images/drawberry/drawberry-1.jpg" caption="The user interface of DrawBerry" %}
{% include elements/figure.html image="/assets/images/drawberry/drawberry-2.jpg" caption="Competitive mode gameplay" %}
{% include elements/figure.html image="/assets/images/drawberry/drawberry-3.jpg" caption="Competitive mode voting" %}
{% include elements/figure.html image="/assets/images/drawberry/drawberry-4.jpg" caption="Cooperative mode gameplay" %}
{% include elements/figure.html image="/assets/images/drawberry/drawberry-5.jpg" caption="Team battle mode gameplay" %}

---
